[Music]
will you ever be rich money isn't
everything and the best things in life
are free right no argument here
but it can be a little hard to enjoy
life when you're strapped for cash maybe
your financial troubles are just a
temporary problem after you finish this
test you'll know for sure if you'll ever
be rich and don't forget that we have
tons of fun tests like this on the
bright side of life make sure you're
subscribed and that you turned on post
notifications so that you don't miss a
thing
you'll have 10 seconds after each
question to decide which answers suit
you most choose one option and keep
track of the points you get for each
answer are you ready to see your future
then let's get rolling 1 you just won a
fortune in the lottery what do you do
next
hey I'll immediately start looking for a
way to invest this money be a fortune
you say well I'm rich now time to throw
a bunch of parties buy a yacht the whole
nine yards see I'll donate the money to
charity after all I didn't learn it
[Music]
investment minded people can give
themselves 30 points for choosing a
party animals you get 20 points for B as
for the generous folks who went with C
you get 10 points to imagine you can
only have two qualities which ones will
you choose a rich and greedy be poor and
beautiful C average and smart
[Music]
if you've opted for choice a you get 30
points B will make your total score 10
points higher and C is worth 23 let's
say you get 20 dollars a day for lunch
at work or school what do you do with
this cash a I'll pack leftovers for
lunch and save the money B duh spend it
a hot lunch that's what it's for anyway
C I'll buy something else for myself
sure I'll be hungry but I'll have
something new to enjoy
[Music]
go ahead and add 30 points to your tally
for option a B will give you 10 points
as for C it's worth 20 points for you
really really want to buy something
expensive what do you do a grab my
credit card and go for it
B I'm a patient person I'll wait until
the price goes down and buy it then C
I'll probably start saving up for it or
I can make do with a similar item for a
cheaper price if your answer is a you
get 10 points bead will get you 30
points and if you chosen C write down
twenty point five you have two weddings
to attend next week but you only have
one nice outfit what will you do a
what's the problem I'll just wear the
same outfit twice B buy another outfit
of course how embarrassing would it be
to get caught in the same clothes twice
C if I find something inexpensive I'll
buy a new outfit option a is worth 20
points for this question B will earn you
10 points and if you pick C 30 points
are yours
six what kind of cell phone do you have
right now a the same one I bought four
years ago
if it ain't broke B it's a decent phone
not the latest model but it has all the
necessary functions see only the latest
and greatest and I'm still planning on
replacing it as soon as a new model
comes out award yourself 20 points for
choosing a if answer B seem the best to
you give yourself 30 more points and
answer C is worth 10 points 7 what level
of education would you like to have a
degrees are overrated plus I just hate
studying a bunch of boring subjects B I
won't stop until they get at least a
master's degree C a bachelor's degree is
quite enough for me to be successful if
you've chosen option A you get 10 points
B will bring you 30 points and answer C
is worth 20 points
8 what if someone gave you 1 million
dollars tomorrow a I'd get started
tackling a long list of what I've wanted
to buy for ages me that'd be great but
it wouldn't change the person I am see I
definitely become much happier
[Music]
while you're working on that list give
yourself 10 points for choosing act
option B will bring you 30 points and
answer C is worth 29 what would you do
with an extra 100 bucks a invest it ASAP
B no need to spend it all at once
I'll save it C let the shopping spree
commence answer a will add 30 points to
your total score B will get you 20 more
points and answer C is worth 10 10 how
do you feel about your current job or
how do you think you will feel about it
once you enter the workforce a a jobs a
job it pays the bills and that's good
enough for me B I've managed to turn my
hobby into a successful career and that
brings me happiness see I love what I do
even if I don't make a lot of money
if your answer is a you get 10 points
answer B is a 30 and option C is worth
20 points now you have 20 seconds to
calculate your total score if you need
some more time to grab a calculator just
pause the video are you ready for the
truth to be revealed here you go if your
final score is 100 to 150 points you'll
have to run on a saving mode perhaps
that's because of a low paid job or the
fact that you blew through your last
paycheck on an elaborate shopping spree
if you carry on with your lifestyle you
won't become rich but that doesn't mean
you're not a happy person you love what
you do and you definitely know how to
live in the moment you take everything
you can from life and pay it back with
your positive attitude your motto is
life short so you better live it up if
your final score is 160 to 220 points
you'll enjoy financial comfort sure you
won't be rolling in cash but your life
will be pretty comfortable financially
you won't have to save money to buy
something you want
you'll always have enough money to pay
your bills and maybe some leftover to
afford nice things in short you won't
lack money that's for sure
and if your final score is 230 to 300
points you'll look in a mirror
can you see a future millionaire if you
keep going with your current mindset and
lifestyles chances are you'll become
very rich your hard work patience and
determination will pay off and every
penny you've put aside will bring back
much more you really have a lot to look
forward to what was your final score are
you happy with your results tell us in
the comments below if you had fun taking
this test give this video a thumbs up
and send it to your friends don't forget
to subscribe and join us on the bright
side of life